Now theoretically, our little application here is finished but if you have a look at the HTML code,
you'll see there is another modal in there which we are not using yet
and in the end here I'm asking whether I'm sure that I want to delete an item.
So in the end, I want to present this modal when we click the delete button here and only if we click
yes in that modal, I really want to delete the movie.
So I want to have an extra confirmation step so that we don't accidentally delete a movie.
Now to make that work, we need to restructure our code a little bit.
I'll add a new function, maybe here above delete movie handler which I'll name delete
movie and in there, I expect to get that movie ID as well and actually this entire code here, that's
just moved in here because I want to call the delete movie function from inside the delete movie handler,
so call delete movie here with movie ID but I only want to do that
if we showed that modal and the answer has been yes.
So I'll comment this out for now and then here, I want to add the logic to show that modal, show the
backdrop and also react to clicks on these buttons. So let's select that little modal here and it
has an ID of delete modal which is quite convenient.
So we can select it by that ID and we can do that globally or we just do it here in the delete movie
handler because that's the only place where I will need it in the end. So in here, I can get access to my
delete movie modal with document get element by ID for that delete modal ID.
Now with it selected,
I will use that delete movie modal here, use the classless property and then add the visible class,
we could use toggle but this doesn't really make sense here. When this gets called,
so when we just clicked a movie element, there is absolutely no way that this modal is currently shown.
So toggling it to remove the visible class if it's currently there isn't really something that could ever
happen,
this modal can never be visible when this function executes,
so we can only add this, removing is not something that should ever make sense.
I also want to toggle the backdrop so that we see that
and with that if I save that and we reload here and we add our item here with this image, add and I click
here,
indeed that modal opens up. Now there of course, clicking the buttons doesn't do anything, clicking the
backdrop does something strange,
the backdrop now actually shows us the other modal,
so that's something we'll have to fix and this modal doesn't disappear,
so looks like we need to tweak our code a little bit.
Now we're showing the other modal when I click the backdrop of this first modal because whenever we
click the backdrop, in the end what happens is that the backdrop click handler executes and this calls
toggle movie modal which will of course show that other movie modal if it was currently not shown, previously
that wasn't a problem because there the only thing that added a backdrop was that movie modal,
so toggling won't always remove it,
now other things can add that backdrop and then clicking that will actually show the movie modal.
So to work around that, we need to change our code a little bit and actually get rid of the toggle functionality
which worked before but doesn't anymore and instead add a close movie modal function here which will
just go ahead and use add movie modal class list and then remove the visible class here and rename toggle
the movie modal here to add movie modal or to show movie modal and then here we use add instead of toggle.
Now that of course means we need to change all places where I used the toggle movie modal. Here when I cancelled
adding a movie, I want to close the movie modal, to scroll down further here when we added a new movie,
I also want to close the movie modal, if we scroll down further
when you click the backdrop, I want to close the movie modal, never open it
and on the other hand here when we start clicking the start add movie button, I want to show my movie modal
and here we could therefore also add a handler function but since show movie modal could theoretically
also be called from other places,
I'll keep that name but it's up to you whether you want to keep it there or not.
So now with that restructured, we should be good regarding that behavior of that other modal showing up suddenly.
Now I also want to make sure of course that clicking the backdrop closes our confirm deletion modal
though, so this modal, that this is closed if we click the backdrop there and to make sure that this is
possible, I will actually grab this constant, delete movie modal and move it up to the other constants
so that this is globally available and not just in this function here, not just in the delete movie handler
because that allows us to add another function,
cancel movie deletion
and in there, I want to toggle the backdrop and I also want to reach out to the delete movie modal and
there on the CSS classes, I want to remove the visible class to close the modal and get rid of the
backdrop and now cancel movie deletion is something that should be called from inside backdrop click
handler. We could of course, also to be in line with the other names I guess, name it close movie deletion
modal, just a very long name but might be clearer.
So close movie deletion modal, of course that's now also what I should rename this function to and now
with that, if we save that and we reload
and we give this another try, enter something here, enter something here, now I have the backdrop
open up after clicking add. So there is something wrong if I add a new movie, let's have a look at movie
handler, close movie modal, yes I of course also need to toggle the backdrop here now.
Now if you save that, give this another try and reload, enter something here, something here,
this works and if I now click on this, we get this handler and if I click on the backdrop, it just closes
now, this opens again,
so that's now all working. So this looks good,
now let's make sure that the buttons inside of the confirm deletion modal also do something.